1. Which one of the following is an Imperative Language?

    1. HTML
    2. CSS
    3. Java Script

Answer: 3. Java Script

2. Which one of the following is a Declarative Language?

    1. HTML
    2. CSS
    3. Java Script

Answer: 1. HTML

3. Name two uses of a DIV tag?

Answer: 1. The DIV tag is used to create class in HTML.
        2. The div tag is used in HTML to make divisions of content in the web page like text, images, header, footer, navigation bar, etc.

4. What is the difference between relative positioning and absolute positioning in HTML?

Answer:  relative position places an element relative to its current position without changing the layout around it, whereas absolute position 
         places an element relative to its parent's position and changing the layout around it.

5. What is the use of opacity in CSS?

Answer: The opacity CSS property sets the opacity of an element. Opacity is the degree to which content behind an element is hidden, and is the 
        opposite of transparency.

6. Which is the programming language used in the React Native Framework?

Answer: HTML and Java Script.

7. Which online editor are we using for creating our apps in React Native Framework?

Answer: Visual Studio Code and Expo.

8. Write the steps to test your first designed app in the online editor on mobile?

Answer: 1. Selection of the device.
        2. Documentation Testing.
        3. Functional testing.
        4. Usability Testing.
        5. UI (User Interface) testing.
        6. Compatibility (Configuration) testing.
        7. Performance testing.
        8. Security testing.

9. What is the use of the render function in React Native Framework?
   
Answer: render() function takes two arguments, HTML code and an HTML element. The purpose of the function is to display the specified HTML code inside the 
        specified HTML element. The render method returns a description of what the DOM should look like. Render is that what exactly you want to trigger 
        multiple times.

10. What is the use of the return function in the React Native Framework?

Answer: React efficiently updates the real DOM to match. Return is that which u want to Display.

11. What are the various components in your first app that you designed?

Answer: In my app everybody can upload maths questions and my app will give them answers of the questions. 
